Make discovery broadcast based instead of query based (#4)
libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub-peer-discovery: README.md

If you are only interested in listening to the global pubsub topic the minimal configuration for using this with libp2p is:
```js
const Libp2p = require('libp2p')
const Websockets = require('libp2p-websockets')
const MPLEX = require('libp2p-mplex')
const SECIO = require('libp2p-secio')
const GossipSub = require('libp2p-gossipsub')
const PubsubPeerDiscovery = require('libp2p-pubsub-peer-discovery')

const node = await Libp2p.create({
  modules: {
    transport: [Websockets], // Any libp2p transport(s) can be used
    streamMuxer: [MPLEX],
    connEncryption: [SECIO],
    pubsub: GossipSub, // Can also be `libp2p-floodsub` if desired
    peerDiscovery: [PubsubPeerDiscovery]
  }
})
```

### Customizing Pubsub Peer Discovery

There are a few options you can use to customize `Pubsub Peer Discovery`. You can see the detailed [options](#options) below.

```js
// ... Other imports from above
const PubsubPeerDiscovery = require('libp2p-pubsub-peer-discovery')

// Custom topics
const topics = [
  `myApp.${PubsubPeerDiscovery.TOPIC}`, // It's recommended but not required to extend the global space

>   PubsubPeerDiscovery.TOPIC // Include if you want to participate in the global space

Reviewer: This is confusing. Isn't that just a string thats required here? KISS?

Reviewer: (Wanting to avoid the case where someone thinks this is some kind of "magic variable", while really it's just strings and stuff)

Or the module could append the suffix/prefix all by itself?

Author: I made these both just strings and documented the exported TOPIC in case people want to use that. I thought about doing the auto appending but wanted to avoid complicating the logic in instances where people want to avoid using the global space.

]

const node = await Libp2p.create({
  modules: { /* See 'Usage in js-libp2p' for this block */ },
  config: {
    peerDiscovery: {

>       [PubsubPeerDiscovery.tag]: {

Reviewer: The tag likely won't change, so doesn't it make sense to just use a string here? This also makes it easier to understand if one's dealing with an application that reads a config file to setup it's libp2p daemon

Reviewer 2: This is important to be exported and used on `js-libp2p`. Otherwise, it will create even more confusion because the users will not know what that string represents

Author: I settled on a middle ground here of using the string for the example and adding a comment about it also being available as a static property.

        interval: 5000, // defaults to 5000ms
        topics: topics, // defaults to [PubsubPeerDiscovery.TOPIC]
        listenOnly: false // default to false
      }
    }
  }
})
```

#### Options

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| interval | `number` | How often (in `ms`), after initial broadcast, your node should broadcast your peer data. Default (`5000ms`)|
| topics | `Array<string>` | An Array of topic strings. If set, the default topic will not be used and must be included explicitly here |

> | listenOnly | `boolean` | If true it will not query or respond to queries. Dont set this unless you have a specific reason to. Default (`false`) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| listenOnly | `boolean` | If true it will not broadcast or respond to broadcasts. Do not set this unless you have a specific reason to. Default (`false`) |
```
